[Music]
hi it's agatha
welcome or welcome back to my channel
in today's video it's going to be a god
make great makeup
graduation victoria makeup
it's going to be super easy and i also
use
a lot of too led and affordable products
like
this one from vice cosmetics so brings
it
[Music]
and if you guys want to see how i did
this look and the products that i use
and some tips that i can give you for a
graduation picture
then keep on watching
kilai first so i recommend
it
[Music]
but the one that i'm using is from
detail cosmetics
this is the super fine liner in the
shape mocha
first temperature
and then it's going to do an
outline there
you go and then just do light strokes
like that just do light strokes
[Music]
then i'm just putting on some brow gel
and this one is from vice cosmetics the
next one
would be ice so for concealer this is
what i have
here lee and this
is from l'oreal
so for this makeup tutorial
i will recommend you guys to try this
one out
and this is not sponsored or anything i
just love this um
kavog palette to say
you have blush the long shades
blush and then two shades of
highlighters and then
you have they look and night
look the first thing that i will do
is of course set the
concealer that we put on you can also
put
primer but for me i will work them on a
supplement
concealer for the second shade we are
going to use
my yora and we're just going to
apply this on your eyelids
[Music]
this beautiful very natural brown shade
i'm going to darken it up
using the shade
[Music]
and then i'm just going to use the same
brush
we're just going to put this here
here um
[Music]
it's so you know well on crease like
like mine monolith like my mom
suggests
[Music]
and then i'm going to take the shade
classic
again classic
and then just put it here
[Music]
i'm going to use the highlighter as a
shimmer shade for
our eye look so i am going to use
kikil right
[Music]
there
oh
[Music]
the next thing that we are going to do
is eyeliner i'm going to use a brow
eyeliner because it's more natural
but you can also use a black liner if
you have that
[Music]
and then for um the eyeliner part
what i can give you as a tip is to use
the pencil liners with this one this is
from easy and co
and this is their eyeliner duo it has
both
um pencil liner and a
felt tip liner which i like this is so
for its price but as a guide you
want to create a wing using the pencil
liner or
if you have eyeshadow mona
or
[Music]
closed
if i use the same eyeshadow
brush what you will do is to get the
second
shade no brown your darkest darker
shading brown
and then just apply it to the lower lash
line
what you will do is to add adhesive
upper sobering natural lamp
in kona
false lashes as you can see so very much
perfect
[Music]
before applying the false lashes make
sure to
curl your lashes first
i got this one from shopilov
[Music]
100 and and then your girl
girl lashes
[Music]
and then
yo
[Music]
done done done i'll do the same on the
other side
i'll be and i'm done
i'm just going to apply mascara i am
using the one from
maybelline because this one is super
nice and affordable
anyway now that we are done i'm going to
add
my foundation this one is from
maybelline as well
and this is the fit me foundation and
yeah i am in the shade one two eight
warm noodles
[Music]
all over here
after that dinner
[Music]
and we want it to blend nicely because
again i blend on my eyes
i'm going back concealer and i'm going
to conceal my
under eyes and if you have blemishes you
can do that
as well
[Music]
my redness
now that we are done we are going to set
our
base makeup by using a
[Music]
footer and i am going to use this one i
recommend you guys to try on this one
and then on coverage
[Music]
say
pigment i'm going to use this blush
and this is the laurette
and
[Music]
okay
last two steps i am going to add
highlighter for grad because
boom
[Music]
would be lipstick and for lipstick i am
going to use a
mlb shades what is an mlb shade my lips
but better shade
and it's something close the
lip color mode like this one this is
from devil cosmetics
their powder pout in the shade rhiza
and the other one that i have here is
from colorado
this is the color tint in
emma
[Music]
young okay for this look
i am going to use emma
[Music]
oops beauty lab circus in
passionate beach
so this is the final
[Music]
ah but i hope you guys enjoyed
this video like and subscribe to my
channel if you want to see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions
please leave them
down below
[Music]
here